[MUSIC]
[SOUND] Text and images have always been
the foundation of web content, but
more than ever, video and audio are also a
part of that content mix.
In this project, we'll learn how to use
the HTML video and
audio elements to playback media.
We'll also learn how to add features like,
captioning and custom playback controls.
First, let's take a look at the project.
It's actually pretty simple.
It's just a video player on a web page
along with an audio player.
This may not look very impressive, but if
you've been working in web technology for
even just a few years, you probably know
how long it took for
web technology to catch up with video.
Video on the web used to involve plugins
like QuickTime, Flash, RealPlayer, and
several others.
However, using browser plug-ins is
typically bad for
accessibility, mobile devices, battery
life, and many other factors.
If you can avoid browser plugins, you
should, fortunately, we can create
standards based video and audio players
that don't require the use of plugins.
Adding video and
audio to a webpage is almost as easy as
adding an image or formatting some text.
In this course, we're going to spend most
of our time focusing on just two elements,
the video element and the audio element.
We'll learn about a few others, but those
two are the most important.
Now, let's move on and give the video
element a try.